## binary_complexes
Each sample binary complex contains the folders `rstar` and `rprime` for results of optimal representation and approximately 
optimal (efficiently computed) representation respectively. Additional folders for example 2IDO (`sparse` and `dense` for results of optimization in the 
presence of sparse and dense crosslinks) and 7CEI (`structure` for results of optimization in the 
presence of subunit structure) are present.

Each folder contains one subfolder for each incremental coarse-graining step (1,5,10,20, and 30 beads respectively).Each intermediate step has 
two files, both of which are automatically generated by the representation optimizer.

- `bead map file`: A file containing the list of beads for each protein, domain in the system. Each line corresponds to a single bead and is of the format \
`protein domain start_residue end_residue` \
where start_residue and end_residue are residue start and end numbers for each bead. 

- `bead precisions file`: A file with each line corresponding to a bead in the identical line number in the bead map file. This is of the format\
`protein domain bead_index bead_sampling_precision boolean_imprecise`\
where `boolean_imprecise` refers to whether a bead is imprecise (i.e., its sampling and representation precisions are not commensurate).

Finally, a representative model in the final, optimal representation is shown for each separate optimization. 

## tfiih
Bead map files, final cluster models and densities are shown for different uniform reoslution representations (`r5`, `r30`, `r50`). 

For computing the approximately optimal representation (`rprime`), bead map and bead precision files are shown for intermediate steps in the same format as above, along with final cluster models and densities for the optimal representation. 

Note that the densities can be colored according to the paper and visualized using the chimera script in the [scripts](../scripts/tfiih/) folder. 

